== {Treehouse Build a Todo List Application with Rails}[https://teamtreehouse.com/library/build-a-todo-list-application-with-rails-4]

=== About this Course

Let's learn Ruby on Rails 4! In this project we'll develop a simple todo list application called ODOT. You'll learn how to create a Rails application, create models. learn associations, and more. By the end of the project, we'll be able to create todo lists, add items to our lists, and edit and mark them complete.

=== What you'll learn

* Ruby
* Ruby on Rails
* Associations
* Validations
* Capybara

=== Build a Todo List Application with Rails 4

Let's learn Ruby on Rails 4! In this project we'll develop a simple todo list application called ODOT. You'll learn how to create a Rails application, create models. learn associations, and more. By the end of the project, we'll be able to create todo lists, add items to our lists, and edit and mark them complete.

=== Steps:
1. generate rails application
2. set up Git and add gems
3. generate a scaffold
4. write our first tests
5. validating length
6. creating method in tests
7. editing todo lists
8. deleting todo lists
9. relationships
10. viewing todo items: part 1
11. viewing todo items: part 2
12. adding todo items
13. adding validations to todo items
14. editing todo items
15. cleaning up our code
16. deleting todo items
17. writing test helpers
18. marking todo items complete
19. cleaning up our view
20. viewing todo lists

=== Commands
Install gems in Gemfile

<code>bundle</code>

Migrate database

<tt>bin/rake db:migrate</tt>

<tt>bin/rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test</tt>

Start rails application/server. You can view it in http://localhost:3000

<tt>bin/rails server</tt>

Run all Rspec test with documentation in spec folder 

<tt>bin/rspec --format=documentation spec</tt>


=== Resources
* http://guides.rubyonrails.org/command_line.html
* http://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_validations.html
* http://guides.rubyonrails.org/association_basics.html
* https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers

